In the last lecture we learned about property binding.
Now if we had to use case that we also want to output the current value of ALLOW YOU news server we
could of course use string installation to simply output allow news server and the Boullion can also
be cast into a string.
So now we see falles here and after two seconds you see just change to true because we changed the code.
Nice.
Now this is one of the cases you're right you can easily use property binding instead of string and
depletion.
So you could simply bind to a property of this element the inner Text property and set this equal to
allow a news server.
Now I can remove the stringin jubilation here inside of the tax and what it might look empty now.
Well we set in our text so we get the same behavior as before because the inner Text property of an
element is just what's between the opening and closing tag.
So in this case we were able to easily replace string interpolation with property binding.
So when should you use which of the two.
Well basically if you want to output something in your template print some text to it use string interpellation
if you want to change some property be that of an aged female element or as you will later learn of
a directive or a component.
Typically use property binding.
That is how you can differentiated and you will get a feeling for this once you work your way through
the course project and so on.
So there's still one important note I want to make is don't mix property binding and string interpolation.
You might notice that here we have disabled equals and then we have quotation marks and then directly
our property name there are no curly braces between these current quotation marks and there shouldn't
be.
Because that will break the app.
This will not work between the quotation marks or property binding.
You can and you must already write types of code so to say a typescript expression which will return
the value this property expects.
So for disabled some expression which returns true or false.
So just like with string interpolation You may also call a method there but you must not add curly braces
in there.
What's that might look we simply use HVM attribute.
There we aren't.
This whole syntax year is a syntax recognized by angular.
So this is why between the quotation marks you can already and you have already you have to ride typescript
code because again this whole expression is evaluated by angular mixing in string of tribulation will
break it.
String interpellation only works in the normal template not with in and Navier expression of that template
not within a property binding or something like this.
With that enough about property binding and generally about outputting data in the template Let's see
how we can react to events